evals(v4): OTEL o11y UX (doctor/welcome + cli shutdown) (#2762)
browserbase/stagehand: .changeset/evals-otel-compat.md

---
"@browserbasehq/stagehand-evals": minor
---

> Add OpenTelemetry compatibility to the evals CLI (`EVAL_TRACE_TRANSPORT=otel` fans traces out to Braintrust and LangSmith).

Author: ```suggestion
Adds OpenTelemetry (OTEL) compatibility to the evals CLI
```
